Because of this, the country's territory has increased to China.
China is now a country that does not share the same interests.
As a result, we, the Chinese government,
have been demanding that the house be taken away from us.
This is the reason why the government has been so strong.
It has taught us to fight hard and not share the same interests.
Today, the government has changed the rules of the house
and has now taken away China.
We, the Japanese government, have been demanding that China
take back the Chinese government and the Japanese government.
This is the reason why the government has helped us
to fight against the Japanese government and the Japanese government.
These are the most important things that the government has done.
The 400,000 people who know about this,
who have been working hard to fight for this country,
these are the things that we are very excited about.
We all know that since the Great East Asia War,
China has been preparing to participate in the Great East Asia War.
At the same time, the Chinese industry,
along with the Chinese imperialism,
has been trying to exploit us and hurt us.
The Chinese people have been trying to exploit us and hurt us.
Why?
Because China has always been involved in the Great East Asia War.
China has been doing this for a long time.
China has been involved in the Great East Asia War,
and has also been involved in the Great East Asia War.
At the same time,
China has been trying to exploit us and hurt us.
We don't understand this.
This is the reason why the Chinese people have been trying to exploit us and hurt us.
We have been trying to exploit them,
but we have not been able to exploit them.
The Chinese people have been trying to exploit us and hurt us.
We have been trying to exploit them,
but we have not been able to exploit them.
If we continue to exploit them,
we will all die.
I ask you all,
please tears their eyes instead of tears brows streamers.
Konkyo City mat therefore